update readme of resourcemanager (#45723)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/resourcemanager/Azure.ResourceManager/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.13.0 (2024-09-10)

### Features Added

> - Added `JsonModelWriteCore` to serialization file so that derived models could call it without do the serialization of base properties itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `JsonModelWriteCore` to serialization file so that derived models could call it without doing the serialization of base properties themself.
```
